Why are you the only streamer in Yaoyao?
He went out shopping.
Then you go to my uncle first, and I'll go to him first.
Get used to why Sister Luo Ying is in a hurry
Do they have secrets?
How can the world be you?
Grandmaster brother said
What the hell happened today why do you remember
Everything is the book ordered by the salesperson. Okay.
If you don't give me a satisfactory answer today
Humph
Sister, you know that I am lazy.
I'm not afraid of the trouble so I didn't tell you
Can you do medicine?
It's all my fault for those two guys today
Ah go go go go
You dare to lie to your senior sister, right?
Ouch, did you send what was sent on the phone?
Ah yes yes yes
The ears are about to fall off, aren't they?
This is the first and last time
Let me find out later that you dare to lie to me.
Let me tell you how much you know
YES YES YES
I'll send something to the central government first, go away
It's kind of hard to abstract.
Oh, dear.
Are you stupid?
Isn't the good husband you want always by your side?
Junior brother
OK
Here comes the kiss
Yaoyao, I'm on duty today, you can go back first
Uncle, I'll take care of it tonight
Then it's hard for you, I'll welcome it, it's alright.
Then I'll go to work first. Okay.
Hey, by the way, Yaoyao
I'm not going back tonight
You were in the same room with him alone
Take this
If he dares to do anything to you, I will